Adding log level (#8360)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/logging.adoc

|quarkus.log.level|INFO|The default minimum log level for every log category.
|===

=== Log levels

There are several log levels you can use:

[cols="<m,<5",options="header"]
|===
|Level|Description
|FATAL|For events that indicate a critical service failure

> |ERROR|To indicate a disruption in a request or the ability to service a request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ERROR|To indicate a disruption in a request or the inability to service a request
```

> |FATAL|For events that indicate a critical service failure
> |ERROR|To indicate a disruption in a request or the inability to service a request
> |WARN|May indicate a non-critical service error
> |INFO|For crucial related information
> |DEBUG|For messages that convey extra information
> |TRACE|Log low-level priority messages

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|FATAL|A critical service failure/complete inability to service requests of any kind
|ERROR|A significant disruption in a request or the inability to service a request
|WARN|A non-critical service error or problem that may not require immediate correction
|INFO|Service lifecycle events or important related very-low-frequency information
|DEBUG|Messages that convey extra information regarding lifecycle or non-request-bound events which may be helpful for debugging
|TRACE|Messages that convey extra per-request debugging information that may be very high frequency
```
